I tell you I've guessed something
Tell me what you guessed and let me hear it
The banquet hall that night
Did you ask me to bring Xiaoning to your room on purpose?
Let the two have a relationship
To the later pregnancy
To falling down the stairs
And the current media turmoil
This pile by pile
What a coincidence
So I think someone is looking directly behind me
I have such great ability.
Your imagination is too rich
Do what you have to do
I promised you not to hurt you.
I have done it
We don't disturb each other.
Don't forget that I have to pay your debt
What are you doing standing there?
Where is Miss Shen going?
I am hungry
I'm going to eat.
The boss asked me to look at you.
You are not allowed to leave this room for half a step
Please also respect my work.
What about the meal? Someone will deliver it later.
You can always tell me if you want anything.
I will educate and accompany